Add release notes for 1.14 Ulm (#599)
kyma-project/website: content/blog-posts/2020-08-04-release-notes-1.14/index.md

We unified Kyma documentation and made sure all installation instructions include only CLI commands for cluster provisioning, Kyma installation, and testing.

## Compass

### Compass separated from the Kyma installation

From this release, Compass is no longer an integral part of the Kyma installation. However, Kyma still connects to Compass through the [Runtime Agent](https://kyma-project.io/docs/1.14/components/runtime-agent/). From now on, if you want to use Compass, [install Kyma with the Runtime Agent](https://kyma-project.io/docs/1.14/components/runtime-agent#installation-installation) first and then [install Compass](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass/blob/master/docs/compass/04-01-installation.md) separately.  

## Console

### Improved view with Namespace details

With 1.14, we made the first steps toward changing the rather empty view with Namespace details into a dashboard. It shows you nice pie charts indicating the health status of Pods and Deployments in a given Namespace. We are planning more features for this view in the future, so stay tuned.

![Detailed Namespace view](./details-view.png)

### API Rules available from Functions and Services views

> With simplicity and user experience in mind, we made one small step for the Console UI that is a giant leap for its users. When wanting to expose your Function or Service in the Console UI, you no longer need to go to the **API Rules** view. As of release 1.14, you can create an API Rule directly from both **Functions** and **Services** views. The advantages of this solution are that you don't need to constantly switch between views, the API Rule you create gets automatically assigned to the Function or Service you are exposing, and all related API Rules are always listed under the given Function or Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With simplicity and user experience in mind, we made one small step for the Console UI that is a giant leap for its users. When wanting to expose your Function or Service in the Console UI, you no longer need to go to the **API Rules** view. As of release 1.14, you can create an API Rule directly from both the **Functions** and **Services** views. The advantages of this solution are that you don't need to constantly switch between views, the API Rule you create gets automatically assigned to the Function or Service you are exposing, and all related API Rules are always listed under the given Function or Service.
```

![API Rules view](./APIRules.png)

### Message toast

> We made one more step towards UI harmonization by introducing a non-disruptive popup for success messages. This new component confirms your actions in the Console UI in a form of a small message toast that appears at the bottom of the page. Thanks to this feature, you are discretely informed if what you just did succeeded, without being interrupted by large and distracting messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We made one more step towards UI harmonization by introducing a non-disruptive pop-up for success messages. This new component confirms your actions in the Console UI in a form of a small message toast that appears at the bottom of the page. Thanks to this feature, you are discretely informed if what you just did succeeded, without being interrupted by large and distracting messages.
```
See the [Cambridge dictionary (NOUN)](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/pop-up) for reference.

Author: I based on other sources. But that is ok, I can change it as both forms are accepted.
